Clarify changelog note (#6802)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/mattermost-changelog.md

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Improved readability by displaying system messages on multiple lines when editing a channel header.
 - Combined "joined/left" event types in system messages.

>  - Added a new user preference to disable webapp prefetching via **Settings > Advanced > Allow Mattermost to prefetch channel posts**. This setting should only be enabled if users are experiencing performance issues. Client Performance Debugging needs to be enabled in the System Console in order for this setting to appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added a new user preference to disable webapp prefetching via **Settings > Advanced > Allow Mattermost to prefetch channel posts**. This setting should only be enabled if users are experiencing performance issues. You must enable **Client Performance Debugging** in the System Console by going to **Environment > Developer** in order for this setting to appear.
```
